# 1. 2wikimultihopqa - bridge_comparison - test_id : 8 -> pid : 0

## original
"El extra\u00f1o viaje El extra\u00f1o viaje() is a 1964 Spanish black drama film directed by Fernando Fern\u00e1n G\u00f3mez. Famous film director Jess Franco acts as the brother of the protagonist. The film was a huge flop on its limited release. It was voted seventh best Spanish film by professionals and critics in 1996 Spanish cinema centenary. In a large house in the middle of a little Spanish town live Venancio and Paquita, the retarded brother and sister of Ignacia, who bullies them continuously. Suspecting that she has a visitor after dark, they start snooping and one night she turns on. used to slip into Ignacia's house after work. When he found her dead, he helped Venancio and Paquita dispose of the body. Then he took them away to the sea, where he gave them knockout drops so that he could escape with Ignacia's money. Unfortunately, his dose was too powerful. El extra\u00f1o viaje El extra\u00f1o viaje() is a 1964 Spanish black drama film directed by Fernando Fern\u00e1n G\u00f3mez. Famous film director Jess Franco acts as the brother of the protagonist. The film was a huge flop on its limited release. It was voted seventh best Spanish film by professionals and. El Viaje de Rose El Viaje de Rose (it could be translated as \u201cThe Rose\u2019s Journey\u201d) are a Spanish pop-rock band from Badajoz, Extremadura. The band is led by Ana Broncano, the singer. The name El Viaje de Rose is due to the fact that Ana saw a poster of the film Titanic when they were thinking about the name of the band The band was created in 2004 and Broncano's lyrics have frequent allusions to love and sotial problems. Well-known songs by El Viaje de Rose include \"Deseo\", \"No se puede matar al amor\", \"Tras la vida\", \"Caos\", \"Ay\u00fadame\""

## reproduce
El extraño viaje El extraño viaje is a 1964 Spanish black drama film directed by Fernando Fernán Gómez. Famous film director Jess Franco acts as the brother of the protagonist. The film was a huge flop on its limited release. It was voted seventh best Spanish film by professionals and critics in 1996 Spanish cinema centenary. In a large house in the middle of a little Spanish town live Venancio and Paquita, the retarded brother and sister of Ignacia, who bullies them continuously. Suspecting that she has a visitor after dark, they start snooping and one night she turns on.
used to slip into Ignacia's house after work. When he found her dead, he helped Venancio and Paquita dispose of the body. Then he took them away to the sea, where he gave them knockout drops so that he could escape with Ignacia's money. Unfortunately, his dose was too powerful. El extraño viaje El extraño viaje is a 1964 Spanish black drama film directed by Fernando Fernán Gómez. Famous film director Jess Franco acts as the brother of the protagonist. The film was a huge flop on its limited release. It was voted seventh best Spanish film by professionals and.
El Viaje de Rose El Viaje de Rose (it could be translated as “The Rose’s Journey”) are a Spanish pop-rock band from Badajoz, Extremadura. The band is led by Ana Broncano, the singer. The name El Viaje de Rose is due to the fact that Ana saw a poster of the film Titanic when they were thinking about the name of the band The band was created in 2004 and Broncano's lyrics have frequent allusions to love and sotial problems. Well-known songs by El Viaje de Rose include "Deseo", "No se puede matar al amor", "Tras la vida", "Caos", "Ayúdame"

# 2. popqa - total - test_id : 0 -> pid : 1

## original
"George Rankin Major General George James Rankin, (1 May 1887 \u2013 28 December 1957) was an Australian soldier and politician. He served in both the House of Representatives and the Senate, representing the Country Party of Australia. Rankin was born at Bamawm, Victoria, the tenth child of Irish farmer James Rankin and Sarah, n\u00e9e Gallagher. He attended the local state school and became a farmer. In 1907, he joined the Militia, and was commissioned in the 9th Light Horse Regiment in 1909. He married Annie Isabella Oliver at Rochester, Victoria on 7 July 1912. In 1914, he was appointed a. was buried, and was survived by his wife. George Rankin Major General George James Rankin, (1 May 1887 \u2013 28 December 1957) was an Australian soldier and politician. He served in both the House of Representatives and the Senate, representing the Country Party of Australia. Rankin was born at Bamawm, Victoria, the tenth child of Irish farmer James Rankin and Sarah, n\u00e9e Gallagher. He attended the local state school and became a farmer. In 1907, he joined the Militia, and was commissioned in the 9th Light Horse Regiment in 1909. He married Annie Isabella Oliver at Rochester, Victoria on 7. George Claus Rankin Sir George Claus Rankin PC (12 August 1877 \u2013 8 April 1946) was a British judge in India. Rankin was born in Lamington, Lanarkshire, the son of Rev. Robert Rankin. He was educated at the University of Edinburgh and Trinity College, Cambridge. He as admitted at Lincoln's Inn and called to the bar in 1904. He served in the First World War with the Royal Garrison Artillery. He went to India in 1918 and served first as a puisne judge of the High Court of Calcutta, and then as Chief Justice, from 1926 to 1934. While in"

## reproduce
George Rankin Major General George James Rankin, (1 May 1887 – 28 December 1957) was an Australian soldier and politician. He served in both the House of Representatives and the Senate, representing the Country Party of Australia. Rankin was born at Bamawm, Victoria, the tenth child of Irish farmer James Rankin and Sarah, née Gallagher. He attended the local state school and became a farmer. In 1907, he joined the Militia, and was commissioned in the 9th Light Horse Regiment in 1909. He married Annie Isabella Oliver at Rochester, Victoria on 7 July 1912. In 1914, he was appointed a.
was buried, and was survived by his wife. George Rankin Major General George James Rankin, (1 May 1887 – 28 December 1957) was an Australian soldier and politician. He served in both the House of Representatives and the Senate, representing the Country Party of Australia. Rankin was born at Bamawm, Victoria, the tenth child of Irish farmer James Rankin and Sarah, née Gallagher. He attended the local state school and became a farmer. In 1907, he joined the Militia, and was commissioned in the 9th Light Horse Regiment in 1909. He married Annie Isabella Oliver at Rochester, Victoria on 7.
George Claus Rankin Sir George Claus Rankin PC (12 August 1877 – 8 April 1946) was a British judge in India. Rankin was born in Lamington, Lanarkshire, the son of Rev. Robert Rankin. He was educated at the University of Edinburgh and Trinity College, Cambridge. He as admitted at Lincoln's Inn and called to the bar in 1904. He served in the First World War with the Royal Garrison Artillery. He went to India in 1918 and served first as a puisne judge of the High Court of Calcutta, and then as Chief Justice, from 1926 to 1934. While in